**Step 30
Before you get too far into your styling, you should make use of the sr-only class. You can use CSS to make elements with this class completely hidden from the visual page, but still be announced by screen readers.
The CSS you are about to write is a common set of properties used to ensure elements are completely hidden visually.
The span[class~="sr-only"] selector will select any span element whose class includes sr-only. Create that selector, and give it a border property set to 0.


**Step 31
The CSS clip property is used to define the visible portions of an element. Set the span[class~="sr-only"] selector to have a clip property of rect(1px, 1px, 1px, 1px).
The clip-path property determines the shape the clip property should take. Use both the clip-path and -webkit-clip-path selectors to set the value to inset(50%), forming the clip-path into a rectangle within the element.

Step 36
Target your flex container with an h1 .flex selector. Give it a display property set to flex to enable the flexbox layout. Then set the flex-direction property to column-reverse - this will display the nested elements from bottom to top. Finally, set the gap property to 1rem to create some space between the elements.

Step 37
The :first-of-type pseudo-selector is used to target the first element that matches the selector. Create an h1 .flex span:first-of-type selector to target the first span element in your .flex container. Remember that your span elements are reversed, visually, so this will appear to be the second element on the page.
Give your new selector a font-size property of 0.7em to make it look like a sub-heading.

Step 38
The :last-of-type pseudo-selector does the exact opposite - it targets the last element that matches the selector. Create an h1 .flex span:last-of-type selector to target the last span in your flex container, and give it a font-size property set to 1.2em to make it look like a header.

Step 39
You wrapped your table in a section element - now you can style that to give your table a border. Create a section selector, and give it a max-width property set to 40rem for responsive design. Set the margin property to 0 auto to center it, and set the border property to 2px solid #d0d0d5.

Step 42
The calc() function is a CSS function that allows you to calculate a value based on other values. For example, you can use it to calculate the width of the viewport minus the margin of an element:

.example {
  margin: 10px;
  width: calc(100% - 20px);
}
Ensure your years do not get hidden by setting a z-index of 999. Then, give it a margin of 0 -2px, and a padding set to 0.5rem calc(1.25rem + 2px) 0.5rem 0.

Step 43
Style the text within your #years element by creating a #years span[class] selector. The span[class] syntax will target any span element that has a class attribute set, regardless of the attribute's value.

Step 45
Before you start diving in to the table itself, your span elements are currently bolded. Create a span:not(.sr-only) selector and give it a font-weight property set to normal.
The :not() pseudo-selector is used to target all elements that do not match the selector - in this case, any of your span elements that do not have the span[class~="sr-only"] class. This ensures that your earlier rules for the sr-only class are not overwritten.

Step 46
Rather than having to constantly double-check you are not overwriting your earlier properties, you can use the !important keyword to ensure these properties are always applied, regardless of order or specificity.
Give each property in your span[class~="sr-only"] selector an !important keyword. Do not change any of the values.

Step 48
Create a table selector to target your tables. Set the border-collapse property to collapse, which will allow cell borders to collapse into a single border, instead of a border around each cell. Also set the border property to 0 to hide the borders themselves.

Step 52
Create a selector to target your td elements within your table body. Give them a width to fill the viewport, with a minimum and maximum of 4rem. This approach ensures that the width is fixed, whereas setting width specifically would allow the elements to shrink to the container (because we are using flexbox).

Step 54
The [attribute="value"] selector targets any element that has an attribute with a specific value. Create a tr[class="total"] selector to target specifically your tr elements with the total class.

Step 55Passed
Using the same selector syntax, target the th elements within your table rows where the class is total. 

Step 56
The key difference between tr[class="total"] and tr.total is that the first will select tr elements where the only class is total. The second will select tr elements where the class includes total.
In your case, tr.total will work. You can use this selector to target all td elements within your .total rows. Align the text to the right, and give them a padding of 0 0.25rem.

Step 57
The :nth-of-type() pseudo-selector is used to target specific elements based on their order among siblings of the same type. Use this pseudo-selector to target the third td element within your total table rows

Step 62
Create a tr.data th .description selector to target the elements with the class set to description that are within your th elements in your .data table rows.


























